Olivia Hye: Today I'm going to leave this hotel~
Go Won: Okay then, where do we go?
Olivia Hye: To Paris~
Go Won: Paris~
Olivia Hye: Let's leave~
(They've arrived at the airport in Paris!)
Go Won: What is there in Paris?
Olivia Hye: I'm very excited to walk around the streets of Paris!
Go Won: The street of Paris!
Olivia Hye: Wait, can you take a picture of me with the street?
(Where have they arrived after walking across the street?)
(Let's eat first!)
(How would the foods of Paris taste?)
Olivia Hye: A loaf of bread
(Olivia Hye is tasting the food carefully)
Olivia Hye: It's s...salty
Go Won: This cheese is like...
Olivia Hye: It's like soy sauce soup, right?
(They had waited to come into this restaurant for an hour, but this soy sauce soup was waiting for them)
(What is Go Won's thought about the food?)
Go Won: (No soul) Delicious!
(She's not a good liar!)